README.md, before:

# Mecabricks Chrome Extension

A chrome extension made to improve some aspects of Mecabricks and add some features that grant a nicer user experience.

## Installation

You can get the chome extension here:<br>
https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/mecabricks-chrome-extensi/endjoodhbfgmdfcmfkjdfakahabmgjed
<br><br>Or download this repository and (with developer mode turned on) install it on `chrome://extensions/`

## Features

- Removes overlay from errors (ensures you can still click buttons even if an error pop-up is displaying)
- Ability to hide deleted users (= users without username)
- Ability to hide users (any), hiding these user's:
  - Models
  - Comments\*
  - Posts\*
  - Threads
  - Messages\*
  - Notifications originating from their models\*
  - Message notifications\*
  - Notifications whereof they are the only sender
- Ability to hide threads from the notifications tab\*
- Fixes "next" page for library queries containing quotes
- Fixes emojis on the user's comment history and emojis page
- Option to have an un-numbered notification badge
- BBcode formatting pop-up for when writing:
  - Posts (includes thread post)
  - Messages
  - Comments
  - Model descriptions
- Allows users to select the part reference in the Workshop when selecting a part
- Allows importing and displaying of reference image (displayed in the workshop background)
- Increases the model description textarea (input) size and allows it to be vertically increased

\*NOTE: Notifications generated by these users or threads are currently not impacted

## Images

![Browser extension menu with the options to hide deleted users, display notifications as numbered and to manage hidden users](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e2d0395-df2d-47bd-94e0-ec37c73f9b72)
![Image displayed in the background of the Mecabricks workshop with an open image menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d0cd8f4-c6b8-44da-a04f-9fbdf5b64169)

Commit message:

Removing notification badge finally works-ish

README.md, after:

# Mecabricks Chrome Extension

A chrome extension made to improve some aspects of Mecabricks and add some features that grant a nicer user experience.

## Installation

You can get the chome extension here:<br>
https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/mecabricks-chrome-extensi/endjoodhbfgmdfcmfkjdfakahabmgjed
<br><br>Or download this repository and (with developer mode turned on) install it on `chrome://extensions/`

## Features

- Removes overlay from errors (ensures you can still click buttons even if an error pop-up is displaying)
- Ability to hide deleted users (= users without username)
- Ability to hide users (any), hiding these user's:
  - Models
  - Comments\*
  - Posts\*
  - Threads
  - Messages\*
  - Notifications originating from their models\*
  - Message notifications\*
- Ability to hide threads from the notifications tab\*
- Fixes "next" page for library queries containing quotes
- Fixes emojis on the user's comment history and emojis page
- Option to have an un-numbered notification badge
- BBcode formatting pop-up for when writing:
  - Posts (includes thread post)
  - Messages
  - Comments
  - Model descriptions
- Allows users to select the part reference in the Workshop when selecting a part
- Allows importing and displaying of reference image (displayed in the workshop background)
- Increases the model description textarea (input) size and allows it to be vertically increased

\*NOTE: Notifications generated by these users or threads will only be successfully removed 90% of the time if this is the only notifications income. Notification number will not be modified, as it is impossible to know accurately how many notifications originate from any given origin (e.g. model, thread, etc...)

## Images

![Browser extension menu with the options to hide deleted users, display notifications as numbered and to manage hidden users](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6e2d0395-df2d-47bd-94e0-ec37c73f9b72)
![Image displayed in the background of the Mecabricks workshop with an open image menu](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d0cd8f4-c6b8-44da-a04f-9fbdf5b64169)
